docs: Added guide for interop (#4329)
matter-labs/zksync-era: docs/src/guides/advanced/19_interop_basics.md

protection, which are available in higher-level interfaces.

## Preparation

### Setup chains

Follow the instructions at: https://github.com/matter-labs/zksync-era/blob/main/docs/src/guides/launch.md

This will help you set up the Era chain and the associated gateway. In this example, we will send and verify the message
on Era. If you prefer to test on another chain (like era2), launch a new chain following the guide above and migrate it
to the gateway.

### Fund an Account

Give funds to an account on your local Era using the following commands:

```
zkstack dev rich-account
ACCOUNT="0x36615Cf349d7F6344891B1e7CA7C72883F5dc049"
PRIVATE_KEY="0x7726827caac94a7f9e1b160f7ea819f172f7b6f9d2a97f992c38edeab82d4110"
```

## Sending a Message

While messages are usually sent by contracts, you can send one directly using:

```
cast send -r http://localhost:3050 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000008008 "sendToL1(bytes)" "0x1234" --private-key $PRIVATE_KEY
```

Here, `0x...8008` is the L1Messenger, a special system contract. Remember the transaction hash, as we'll use it in
commands below.

> Next, retrieve the interop proof from the sequencer (replace the transaction hash with your own):

Reviewer: It probably makes sense to mention that the proof might not be available right away (it took me a few iterations of method returning `null` until I got the proof).

      "0xa707d1c62d8be699d34cb74804fdd7b4c568b6c1a821066f126c680d4b83e00b",
      "0xf6e093070e0389d2e529d60fadb855fdded54976ec50ac709e3a36ceaa64c291",
      "0xe4ed1ec13a28c40715db6399f6f99ce04e5f19d60ad3ff6831f098cb6cf75944",
      "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000015",
      "0x156467afe10e8eb1dcac04cca213c53d4bade9d73edfe9410ea45c86ebd9804e",
      "0xcc4c41edb0c2031348b292b768e9bac1ee8c92c09ef8a3277c2ece409c12d86a",
      "0x183a40fea23b03351928919261dfc02e45b94b564e263d339a601b9740112ccc",
      "0x4cd95f8962e2e3b5f525a0f4fdfbbf0667990c7159528a008057f3592bcb2c06",
      "0x112038ecbdf21c5fc2ef97d9ec047402bba05d6ff2aa1b304dcfac974ebaa109",
      "0x0000000000000000000000000000001900000000000000000000000000000003",
      "0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001fa",
      "0x0102000100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
      "0xf84927dc03d95cc652990ba75874891ccc5a4d79a0e10a2ffdd238a34a39f828",
      "0x2c21d37d09509f7ccb3d7d93c86ff4d7b29246113b0032dec9688c9e119d6872"
    ],
    "id": 0,
    "root": "0xeb6861fa2f2fd60c93dba1343bf85e2312811fd23549b3df2b8017102430f086"
  }
}
```

> getL2toL1LogProof can return different proof types - it is important to pass the "proof_based_gw" as proof type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
getL2toL1LogProof can return different proof types depending on the interop mode specified. Currently, only "proof_based_gw" is supported.
```
nit: mention interop mode

    --rpc-url http://localhost:3050
```

A successful verification will return a "true" value (or `0x00...01`), confirming that the InteropMessage was correctly

> received.

Reviewer: I'm on `kl/interop-support` branch so some stuff may work differently there, but still.

It looks like this `cast call` returns `true` even if I specify wrong chain ID/batch number/transaction index/address/message. It only fails if the proof itself is incorrect. Is that expected?

Author: That's a great question to @kelemeno .

I've just checked on main and it was working correctly (any modified parameter returned 0x0)
